'\" -*- coding: us-ascii -*-
.if \n(.g .ds T< \\FC
.if \n(.g .ds T> \\F[\n[.fam]]
.de URL
\\$2 \(la\\$1\(ra\\$3
..
.if \n(.g .mso www.tmac
.TH xxvd 1 "December 16, 2007" "" ""
.SH NAME
XXV \- (Xtreme eXtension for VDR) provides a central service to administer VDR
.SH SYNOPSIS
'nh
.fi
.ad l
\fBxxvd\fR \kx
.if (\nx>(\n(.l/2)) .nr x (\n(.l/5)
'in \n(.iu+\nxu
[\fB--configfile=\fR \fIFILE\fR] [\fB--logfile=\fR \fIFILE\fR] [\fB--pidfile=\fR \fIFILE\fR] [\fB--localedir=\fR \fIDIR\fR] [\fB--moduledir=\fR \fIDIR\fR] [\fB--docudir=\fR \fIDIR\fR] [\fB--poddir=\fR \fIDIR\fR] [\fB--htmldir=\fR \fIDIR\fR] [\fB--fontdir=\fR \fIDIR\fR] [\fB--newsmods=\fR \fIDIR\fR] [\fB--newstmpl=\fR \fIDIR\fR] [\fB--kill\fR] [\fB--verbose=\fR \fILEVEL\fR] [\fB--version\fR] [\fB--nofork\fR]
'in \n(.iu-\nxu
.ad b
'hy
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBxxvd\fR is daemon behind XXV.
XXV provides a central service to administer VDR, it's contain 
a http daemon, a telnet server and a WAP server among other services.
And is extendable by plugins and skins. XXV allows to manage
timers, auto timers, channels, recordings and much more provided by VDR
.SH OPTIONS
.TP 
--configfile=\fIFILE\fR
Use \*(T<\fIFILE\fR\*(T> as config file for XXV.
The config file is modified by XXV, so it shall not be read-only.
.TP 
--logfile=\fIFILE\fR.
Output all log messages to \*(T<\fIFILE\fR\*(T>.
.TP 
--pidfile=\fIFILE\fR
Write process id of \fBxxvd\fR daemon to \*(T<\fIFILE\fR\*(T>.
.TP 
--localedir=\fIDIR\fR
Search for locales in \*(T<\fIDIR\fR\*(T>. 
\*(T<\fIDIR\fR\*(T> should contain the typical locales structure
with XXV's translations. (eg. de/LC_MESSAGES/xxv.mo)
.TP 
--moduledir=\fIDIR\fR
Search for modules (plugins) in \*(T<\fIDIR\fR\*(T>.
.TP 
--docudir=\fIDIR\fR
Directory \*(T<\fIDIR\fR\*(T> with template files used for generate documentation.
.TP 
--poddir=\fIDIR\fR
Generate the selfdocumentation files in \*(T<\fIDIR\fR\*(T>.
Documentation files are generated by XXV, so it shall be writable.
.TP 
--htmldir=\fIDIR\fR
XXV searchs for it's html templates in \*(T<\fIDIR\fR\*(T>.
Each subdirectory in \*(T<\fIDIR\fR\*(T> is seen as a set of
templates (Skin).
.TP 
--fontdir=\fIDIR\fR
XXV searchs usable fonts in \*(T<\fIDIR\fR\*(T>.
.TP 
--contrib=\fIDIR\fR
XXV use some external scripts in \*(T<\fIDIR\fR\*(T>.
.TP 
--newsmods=\fIDIR\fR
\fBxxvd\fR search for news modules (news plugins) in \*(T<\fIDIR\fR\*(T>.
.TP 
--newstmpl=\fIDIR\fR
XXV searches for news templates in \*(T<\fIDIR\fR\*(T>.
.TP 
--kill
Kill daemon \fBxxvd\fR.
.TP 
--verbose=\fILEVEL\fR
Select the verbose \fILEVEL\fR of the logged 
messages of XXV.
.RS 
.TP 0.2i
\(bu
0 - Don't log messages
.TP 0.2i
\(bu
1 - Errors only
.TP 0.2i
\(bu
2 - Messages depends user action
.TP 0.2i
\(bu
3 - More events
.TP 0.2i
\(bu
5 - Lots of messages
.TP 0.2i
\(bu
>5 - Messages with dump of caller stack
.RE
.TP 
--version
Display the version number and exit.
.TP 
--nofork
Debug mode: don't fork to the background.
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Tobias Grimm<<\*(T<tg@e\-tobi.net\*(T>>>.
.PP
(December 16, 2007)
